Move user-manuals to install-manuals and add real user-manuals (#154)
Gamify-IT/docs: user-manuals/README.md

# User manuals

> User manuals contains descriptions and screenshots of the different components (overworld, minigames, lectuer interface)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user manuals contain descriptions, screenshots, and tutorials on how to use the different components (overworld, minigames, lecturer interface) 
```
